the vision for Maine's when we put this
idea together over a decade ago was all
about fusion how do you bring the best
of Asia until Central Europe and how do
we transform a into small plates there
are sharing plates but unique plates
social across Japan for an amazing an
amazing Japanese sushi chef was
critically I mean really critical
transforming the bar to that kind of
small tapas style sushi plates and
incorporating that on modern European
French influence menu was pretty unique
I'd like to start thinking about the
next 10 years how do we continue that in
Russia but more importantly keeping the
magic on the plates and not standing
still
that's why 10 years on we're stolen toys
for normal Russians hearing number